Dear all the people of the country who have been watching the war,
I have come to this broadcast.
First of all, I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart.
In this great war, the Japan Army participated in the zast using the
I am surprised that I have so much to offer.
I am deeply grateful for this opportunity.
To overcome the Great East Asia War,
I have to say that the ship is so precious.
I am very grateful for your help.
In the US, the US has made great efforts to recover the lost ship
and to build a new ship.
However, the number of ships that are being built
is not enough to cover the number of ships that are being sent to the US.
In our country, the ships that are being built
are more and more useful for the construction of the ship,
and for the building of the ship.
Using this advantageous situation,
our country is making great efforts
to attack the sea, land and sky,
directly with Germany, Italy and the US.
Therefore, the ship of our country
is a ship for the pursuit of the enemy.
The ship of the US is a ship for the retreat.
However, in order to recover the US and achieve the purpose of the Great East Asia War,
the country must continue the pursuit of the enemy.